What do you mean by *args and **kwargs?
What is the iterator protocol?
What is tuple unpacking?
Explain garbage collection with Python.
 how to deallocate memory in python?


What is JSON? Describe in brief how you’d convert JSON data into Python data?
How would you display a file’s contents in reversed order?

Can you explain the filter(), map(), and reduce() functions?
What is pickling and unpickling?

What is the MRO in Python?
Explain join() and split() in Python.
 What is the enumerate() function in Python?

Where will you use while rather than for?

Differentiate between deep and shallow copy.

Explain inheritance in Python.

Explain lambda expressions. When would you use one?
what is an iterator?

What is a decorator?

What is the pass statement in Python?
What does the function zip() do?

What is PEP 8?

What makes Python object-oriented?
.What is OOPS?

What is class?
What is Object?

What is encapsulation,abstration, inheritance, polymorphism, w.r.t. python?

How to find duplicate value in list.
How can you merge two dict.
List comprehension dict comprehension, frozenset. 


How you can use multithreading in python.
Difference between list and tuple
How you can create dict from two lists?

if we have very long string of names separated by comma how you can
convert it into list.

 write a code for palindrome without using inbuilt?

what is generators?
write a generator to print prime number?

what is property decorator?
 what is getter and setter method?
what is class variable and instance variable?
 what is data type of d.items ?
why we use set?
difference between list and array?
 what is python path?
how memory managed in python?
 what is module and library?
what is multithreading and multiprocessing?

What is JSON. Describe in brief how you’d convert JSON data into Python data
Diff. between the append() and extend() methods of a list.

 how can you remove the whitespaces from the string “aaa bbb ccc ddd eee”

What happens if we do not handle an error in the except block.

what is multiple inheritance

what is method overriding n overloading

a variable containg string how will we replace any character

how does python interprete code

 write a code for printing second max value in list without for loop

difference between generator and iterator? which one is fast

difference between module and package.
what is init in class
how to write destructor in class

 dictionary printing random keys how to sequence the key .
What is Abstract base class ?
